The fingernails and toenails can be set up for BoM as follows:

Universal clothing layer with the usual textures for Head, Upper and Lower tattoos, that will be used for HEAD, UPPER and LOWER in the BoM settings for the mesh body. The fingernail textures in Aux1 Tattoo, where you can use the Upper skin texture (for both fingernails and toenails - I have it mapped to the lower left corner of the upper body skin texture), or any skin tone. Aux2 and Aux3 tat layers can both have 4x4px white textures.

I wasn't able to control the numbering of the faces on the nails.

The underlayer (skin matching) face of the fingernails or toenails, in the texture settings, can be set to Texture (diffuse) Alpha mode: Alpha masking. Bake: BAKED_AUX_1 Shininess (specular) can use the same white 4x4px texture, Glossiness set to 200 (or less for less shine) and Environment 20, with whatever color you want for the highlight.

The top layer, in the texture settings can be set to Texture the same white 4x4px texture Bake: BAKED_AUX2 Transparency 60% and Glow .01 (to keep the alphas from clipping) for a natural nail - the skin color from the underlayer will show through. For a painted nail, no transparency, whatever color or texture you want, and Shininess settings as in the previous paragraph.

The nail tip, in the texture settings can be set to Texture (diffuse) the same white 4x4px texture Bake: BAKED_AUX3 Transparency can be 20% for a natural nail. For a painted nail you'll probably want no transparency and the above settings for Shininess. Color: leave white for a French manicure, same color as the top layer for a painted nail.

There's a box of 4x4 textures out on my shelves at the RuthAndRoth sim, and they can also be found in the Skins repository under Contrib > Ada Radius.

For fingernail and toenail designers: The UV map islands are arranged as follows: The tops of the fingernails and toenails are all in the same position, stacked on top of each other in each UV map. The center of these faces is x=.425, y=.475.

The undersides of the fingernails and toenails, the area normally matched to skin tone, are stacked in the lower left corner, so you can use an upper body skin texture to match skin tones, if the skin designer left that area as the background skin tone. The center of these faces are x=.09, y=.1

The undersides of the nail tips are stacked at x=.85, y=.1

Ada Radius 2020-07-30